hey guys this is pop we'll be with our
tutorial on how to download and install
free ebooks to your tablet there are a
lot of paid options which you can
utilize such as Kindle etc for your
device but everyone loves free stuff so
we're here with the tutorial on how to
download and install free ebooks on your
tablet completely legally and just a
disclaimer about legally basically the
legal free books are going to be books
from a different century older books
some such as Pride and Prejudice
Brothers Karamazov and other classics
there are different websites which you
can utilize for those ebooks which we'll
get to that later
so usually you will need three things in
order to start installing your books you
will need to have a dolphin browser
already downloaded on your device and
you can just do that by going to market
it's a free application for the most
part second thing you will need I'm
going to demonstrate them is an e-reader
most tablets already come with an
e-reader installed on it however if you
don't have it on there you can go to
Android Market and you can just download
it on there
third thing you will usually need is a
micro SD card because some tablets
require that in order to save any files
whatsoever because their storage
capacity is limited so for example I
have a fly touch 3 and usually if I want
to save a lot of books movies or videos
it asks me to save them to micro SD card
we're gonna navigate to Dolphin Browser
and I already have this website open
it's a great website
I highly recommend it's called epub
books coms and I'm just gonna click on
books
and it brings up various versions so you
can search by author genres or you can
perform a quick search if you like a
particular title and you're looking for
it so as soon as you click on it it
conveniently brings up this page where
you can just click on download epub it
will bring up another window which says
what do you want to save it as and it
has a default name so you can just
usually click OK
and you will have a status right on the
top left of your screen mine downloaded
extremely fast because the book files
are very small so it won't take a long
time to download and so you just click
on the book open ok if you have only one
reading application on your device it's
going to open with that reader usually
and if you have a couple of them it will
ask you what kind of reading application
do you want to use to open this book so
you just select an appropriate one and
if you cannot find anything if it just
goes back to the home screen you can
always navigate to its d card or local
drive wherever that book was saved and
just click on that ok one of the great
things about the cool reader is that you
can customize it in so many ways so for
example once I am in cool reader I have
my book I can click on the menu and my
screen is a little dark right now so I'm
gonna adjust some options
so this says background color what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna choose a texture
so before it was solid color and I'm
just gonna go ahead and choose stones
just to be fun alright now that that's
my not very good for the eyes but that
just demonstrates that you can customize
the height you can customize the
background so cool reader you basically
just click on the right and it flips the
pages for you so there we are with a
quick tutorial on how to download and
install free ebooks on your device have
a great day